Can I travel to the United States with dogs or import dogs into the United States during the cov outbreak?	0
Imported animals covid 19	0
Should I avoid contact with pets or other animals if I am sick with cov?	0
Should I be concerned about pets or other animals and cov?	0
What about imported animals or animal products covid 19?	0
Decendents with cov	0
My family member died from cov while overseas. What are the requirements for returning the body to the United States?	0
What do Funeral Home Workers need to know about handling decedents who had cov?	0
What should I do if my family member died from cov while overseas?	0
CDC covid	0
What is CDC doing about cov?	0
Children protection	0
How can I protect my child from cov infection?	0
How do I prepare my children in case of cov outbreak in our community?	0
What steps should parents take to protect children during a community outbreak?	0
What should I do if I have had close contact with someone who has COVID-19?	0
What should I do if there is an outbreak in my community?	0
Define COVID-19	0
Novel coronavirus	0
SARS-COV-2	0
Tell me about the coronavirus	0
What is a novel coronavirus? 	0
what is covid?	0
What is SARS-CoV-2? 	0

What actions should school and childcare program administrators take to plan for an outbreak?	0
Children facility	0
Children school	0
children university 	0
How can I prepare in case my child's school, childcare facility, or university is dismissed?	0
What resources does CDC have available to share with staff, students, and parents?	0
CDC resources with staff, students, and parents	0
What steps should my school take if a student or staff member shows symptoms of cov?	0
Will schools be dismissed if there is an outbreak in my community?	0
risk of covid in EU	0
Am I at risk of contracting COVID-19 infection in the EU?	0
How many people have been infected in the EU/EEA?	0
How prepared is Europe for COVID-19 and what is the EU doing?	0
face masks protect COVID-19	0
Are face masks effective in protecting against COVID-19?	0
traveler facemask	0
Should travelers wear facemasks?	0
How can my family and I prepare for cov?	0
What should I do if someone in my house gets sick with cov?	0
What steps can my family take to reduce our risk of getting cov?	0
How should healthcare personnel protect themselves when evaluating a patient who may have cov?	0
Whom should healthcare providers notify if they suspect a patient has cov?	0
Should I use soap and water or a hand sanitizer to protect against cov?	0
What cleaning products should I use to protect against cov?	0
Method to avoid infected	0
Avoid infected	0
How can I avoid getting infected?	0
How severe  is COVID-19 infection?	0
What are the symptoms of COVID-19 infection	0
When is someone infectious?	0
COVID-19 infection	0
COVID-19 recover	0
Can people who recover from cov be infected again?	0
COVID-19 recover infected again	0
origin and reason for the name of coronavirus disease 2019	0
Why is the disease being called coronavirus disease 2019, cov?	0
Admission for covid 19 patient into the hospital	0
Do patients with confirmed or suspected cov need to be admitted to the hospital?	0
Discharge covid 19 patient from the hospital	0
When can patients with confirmed cov be discharged from the hospital?	0
How can pregnant women protect themselves from getting cov?	0
pregnant women protect from cov	0
If they become infected, will they be more sick than other people?	0
Is there a treatment for the COVID-19 disease?	0
treatement covid-19	0
What about pregnant women risk?	0
pregnant women risk	0
Does CDC recommend the use of facemask to prevent cov?	0
facemask to prevent cov	0
How can I help protect myself?	0
protect from covid-19	0
Testing for covid 19	0
Should I be tested for cov?	0
Close contact testing covid 19 	0
What should I do if I had close contact with someone who has cov?	0
High risk and serious illness	0
What should people at higher risk of serious illness with cov do?	0
Weather and covid 19	0
Will warm weather stop the outbreak of cov?	0
united states risk of covid 19	0
Am I at risk for cov in the United States?	0
Funeral visit for covid 19 descendant	0
Am I at risk if I go to a funeral or visitation service for someone who died of cov?	0
Contact with covid 19 descendant	0
Am I at risk if I touch someone who died of cov after they have passed away?	0
Risk level between people	0
Are some people more at risk than others?	0
Quarantined and risk of spreading	0
Can someone who has been quarantined for cov spread the illness to others?	0
Can someone who has had cov spread the illness to others?	0
Can someone who has had cov spread the illness to others?	0
Community spread	0
What is community spread?	0
High risk 	0
Who is at higher risk for serious illness from cov?	0
education from school dismiss covid 19	0
Are there ways for students to keep learning if we decide to dismiss schools?	0
School dismissal	0
If I make the decision for a school dismissal, what else should I consider?	0
Duration of school dismissal	0
If our school is dismissed, how long should we dismiss school for?	0
Repoening school after dismission due to covid 19	0
If we dismiss school, what do we need to consider when re-opening the building to students?	0
close school for spreading covid 19	0
Should I close our school/childcare program if there's been cov cases in my school?	0
cov 19 school screening	0
Should my school screen students for cases of cov?	0
Day centres close for cov 19	0
Should schools and day centres be closed?	0
sick student and staff member cov 19 case	0
What actions should my school take if a sick student or staff member attended school before being confirmed as a cov case?	0
Absenses in increase rates	0
What should I do if my school experiences increased rates of absenteeism?	0
COVID-19 spread	0
How does the virus spread?	0
covid 19 virus source	0
What is the source of the virus?	0
origin of cov 19	0
Where do coronaviruses come from?	0
protecting health state actions	0
What is the state doing to protect our health?	0
Stigma stopping covid 19	0
How can people help stop stigma related to cov?	0
blame or avoid individuals and groups due to cov	0
Why might someone blame or avoid individuals and groups (create stigma) because of cov?	0
How do you test a patient for sars cov, the virus that causes cov?	0
How do you test a patient for sars cov, the virus that causes cov?	0
When should I be tested for COVID-19?	0
When should I be tested for COVID-19?	0
Testing location for covid 19	0
Where can I get tested?	0
The longevity of covid 19 outbreak	0
How long will this outbreak last?	0
CDC's recommendation to avoid nonessential travel	0
Are international layovers included in CDC's recommendation to avoid nonessential travel?	0
 travelers from countries with a level 3 travel health 	0
How are travelers from countries with a level 3 travel health notice being screened when they enter the United States?	0
Should I cancel my international trip?	0
Should I reshudle my international trip?	0
Should I go on a yacht?	0
Should I go on a cruise?	0
What can I expect when arriving to the America in this situation?	0
What can I expect when arriving to the United States?	0
What can I expect when departing from different countries?	0
What can I expect when departing other countries?	0
What happens if there is a sick passenger travelling with me?	0
What happens if there is a sick passenger on an international or domestic flight?	0
What if I recently traveled and people who travelled with me got sick?	0
What if I recently traveled and get sick?	0
Am I protected against COVID-19 if I had the influenza vaccine this year?	0
Will the influenza vaccine protect me from covid 19 ?	0
Is there a remedy  against the corana virus? 	0
Is there a vaccine against the virus? 	0
Should wastewater workers take extra precautions to protect themselves from the cov virus?	0
Should garbage and cleaning workers take extra precautions to protect themselves from the cov virus?	0
waste management companies wastewater and sewage coming from a healthcare facility 	0
What do waste management companies need to know about wastewater and sewage coming from a healthcare facility where people are being treated from the virus?	0
After arriving from a country with  high number of covid cases  when can I return to work?	0
After arriving from a country with a level 3 travel health notice related to cov when can I return to work?	0
How can i handle my work in this pandemic?	0
How can I prepare for cov at work?	0
if there is an outbreak in my community,Should I go to work ?	0
Should I go to work if there is an outbreak in my community?	0
What are the new COVID-19 symptoms?	0
Infected and sick COVID 19	0
Infected COVID 19	0
What personal protective equipment (PPE) should be worn by individuals transporting patients who are confirmed with or under investigation for cov within a healthcare facility? 	0
PPE and healthcare facility 	0
PPE and patients 	0
PPE and COVID 19	0
PPE and COVID 19 investigation	0
PPE and COVID 19 facility 	0
PPE and environmental services	0
What personal protective equipment (PPE) should be worn by environmental services (EVS) personnel who clean and disinfect rooms of hospitalized patients with cov?	0
PPE and disinfected rooms and EVS	0
EVS and hospitalized patients	0
PPE and disinfected rooms	0
PPE and EVS	0
Will schools be dismissed if there is an outbreak in my community?	0
Should children wear masks?	0
How do you test a patient for SARS-CoV-2?	0
How is COVID-19  being treated?	0
Whom should healthcare providers notify if they suspect a patient has COVID-19?	0
Do patients with confirmed or suspected COVID-19 need to be admitted to the hospital?	0
Is this virus comparable to SARS or to the seasonal flu?	0
How severe is COVID-19 infection?	0
What precautions should I take if I am visiting an area of local or community transmission?	0
Is water a possible source of infection in the transmission of SARS-CoV-2?	0
What precautions must be taken at large-scale events?	0
Are there measures for train passengers?	0
