Has anyone in the United States gotten infected?	1
Am I at risk for cov from a package or products shipping from China?	1
What are the symptoms and complications that cov can cause?	1
Can a person test negative and later test positive for cov?	1
Why might someone blame or avoid individuals and groups (create stigma) because of cov?	1
What precautions should be taken for animals that have recently been imported from China?	1
What is the risk of getting cov on an airplane?	1
What is the risk of my child becoming sick with cov?	1
Are the symptoms of cov different in children than in adults?	1
Should children wear masks?	1
Is it easier for pregnant women to become ill with the disease? 	1
What is the risk to pregnant women of getting cov?	1
Can cov cause problems for a pregnancy?	1
Can cov be passed from a pregnant woman to the fetus or newborn?	1
If a pregnant woman has cov during pregnancy, will it hurt the baby?	1
Can the cov virus spread through drinking water?	1
Is the cov virus found in feces?	1
Can the cov virus spread through pools and hot tubs?	1
Can the cov virus spread through sewerage systems?	1
What are the clinical features of cov?	1
Who is at risk for cov?	1
Who is at risk for severe disease from cov?	1
Which body fluids can spread infection?	1
Are pregnant healthcare personnel at increased risk for adverse outcomes if they care for patients with cov?	1
Should any diagnostic or therapeutic interventions be withheld due to concerns about transmission of cov?	1
Will existing respiratory virus panels, such as those manufactured by Biofire or Genmark, detect sars cov, the virus that causes cov?	1
How is cov treated?	1
Should post-exposure prophylaxis be used for people who may have been exposed to cov?	1
Do wastewater and sewage workers need any additional protection when handling untreated waste from healthcare or community setting with either a known cov patient or PUI?	1
Should medical waste or general waste from healthcare facilities treating PUIs and patients with confirmed cov be handled any differently or need any additional disinfection?	1
What PPE should be worn when transporting a patient to radiology for imaging that cannot be performed in the patient room?	1
hypertension or hyperglycemia	1
What PPE should be worn by HCP providing care to asymptomatic patients with a history of exposure to cov who are being evaluated for a non-infectious complaint?	1
What actions can staff and students take to prevent the spread of cov in my school/childcare program?	1
What environmental cleaning procedures should my school take to keep staff and students healthy?	1
What should we do if a child, student, or staff member has recently traveled to an area with cov or has a family member who has traveled to an area with cov?	1
What is the mode of transmission? How (easily) does it spread?	1
Potential therapeutic agents against COVID-19	1
Global research on COVID 19 pandemic 	1
How long will it take to develop a vaccine?	1
"Is there a vaccine that protects against the disease COVID-19?",When is there a vaccination against the coronavirus?	1
Should medical advice be sought and a test arranged for a respiratory illness?	1
Does a test for the novel coronavirus make sense in people without any signs of illness?	1
What treatment options are available for the novel coronavirus?	1
How to treat the virus?	1
Are there vaccines being researched?	1
What is the purpose of quarantine?,When does quarantine make sense?	1
How does the Robert Koch Institute assess the situation in Germany?	1
Which groups of people are particularly often affected by a severe course of the disease?	1
What do we currently know about SARS-CoV-2?	1
Are there any recommendations for the resource-saving use of protective equipment for doctors in private practice as well as hospitals and clinics?	1
How do I behave in the current situation as a messenger of diagnostic samples?	1
Does an occupational risk of infection with SARS-CoV-2 play a role in the movement of goods?	1
Can plastic films prevent the spread of Corona in shops?	1
Criteria for lifting isolation measures and being discharged from hospital,When can I get out of isolation?	1
Could I transmit the coronavirus to my baby?,Will my baby contract it?	1
Can I stay with my baby if I am suspected or confirmed to have coronavirus?	1
How is an infection with SARS-CoV-2 detected by laboratory diagnostics?	1
How does the corona test work?	1
How does the reporting process work, what is reportable and what information about the sick is sent to the RKI?	1
Which means are suitable for disinfection measures in connection with the novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2)?	1
How does the RKI record the situation, what recommendations are there for the specialist public?	1
Can the virus mutate?,Will Corona become more dangerous?	1
What is known about the pathogen and the disease?	1
How does the RKI assess the situation in Germany? 	1
Does the risk assessment for employees also include protection against infectious diseases?	1
Does an FFP3 / FFP 2 mask help against corona?	1
Should medical advice be obtained and a test arranged for a respiratory disease?	1
Is the main transmission route is droplet infection?	1
How long is the incubation period for an infection with the novel coroan virus?	1
Will warm weather stop the outbreak of COVID-19?	1
Can a person test negative and later test positive for COVID-19?	1
What do we know about viral shedding in stool?	1
What do we know about viral shedding in the nasopharynx?	1
What do we know about viral shedding in urine?	1
What do we know about viral shedding in blood?	1
How long can the 2019-nCoV virus remain viable on common surfaces?	1
Length of viral shedding after illness onset	1
Persistence of virus on surfaces of different materials (e,g., copper, stainless steel, plastic)	1
Incubation period across different age groups	1
What is the incubation period of the virus?	1
Coronavirus adhesion to hydrophilic/phobic surfaces	1
Susceptibility to environmental cleaning agents	1
Coronavirus susceptibility to heat, light, and radiation	1
Development of a point-of-care test and rapid bed-side tests	1
Diagnosing SARS-COV-2 with nucleic-acid based tech	1
Diagnosing SARS-COV-2 with antibodies	1
How does viral load relate to disease presentations and likelihood of a positive diagnostic test?	1
Proportion of all positive COVID19 patients who were asymptomatic 	1
Proportion of pediatric COVID19 patients who were asymptomatic 	1
Can the virus be transmitted asymptomatically or during the incubation period?	1
Effectiveness of case isolation/isolation of exposed individuals to prevent secondary transmission	1
Effectiveness of community contact reduction (i.e. limiting social gatherings, "social distancing")  to prevent secondary transmission in health care and community settings	1
Effectiveness of inter/inner travel restriction (i.e. lockdown) to prevent secondary transmission in health care and community settings	1
Effectiveness of school distancing to prevent secondary transmission in health care and community settings	1
Effectiveness of workplace distancing to prevent secondary transmission	1
Effectiveness of a multifactorial strategy to prevent secondary transmission	1
What are ways to create hospital infrastructure to prevent nosocomial outbreaks and protect uninfected patients?	1
Methods to control the spread in communities, barriers to compliance and how these vary among different populations.	1
What is known about adaptations (mutations) of the virus?	1
Tools and studies to monitor phenotypic change and potential adaptation of the virus	1
Are there studies about phenotypic change?	1
How can we measure changes in COVID-19's behavior in a human host as the virus evolves over time?	1
What regional genetic variations (mutations) exist?	1
What is the likelihood of significant changes in transmissibility in changing seasons?	1
Modes of communicating with target high-risk populations	1
Seasonality of transmission 	1
How does temperature and humidity affect the transmission of 2019-nCoV?	1
Management of patients who are underhoused or otherwise lower social economic status	1
Efforts to develop qualitative assessment frameworks to systematically collect information related to local barriers and enablers for the uptake and adherence to public health measures for prevention and control. 	1
Rapid identification of the secondary impacts of these measures. (e.g. use of surgical masks, modification of health seeking behaviors for SRH, school closures)	1
Measures to reach marginalized and disadvantaged populations	1
Methods to understand and regulate the spread in communities	1
What is the best method to combat the hypercoagulable state seen in COVID-19?	1
What is the efficacy of novel therapeutics being tested currently?	1
Evidence that domesticated/farm animals can be infected and maintain transmissibility of the disease	1
What do models for transmission predict?	1
Serial Interval (time between symptom onset in infector-infectee pair)	1
Manifestations of COVID-19 including but not limited to possible cardiomyopathy and cardiac arrest	1
What are recommendations for combating/overcoming resource failures in pandemic response at hospital and departmental levels	1
Hypertension	1
Diabetes	1
Male gender	1
Heart Disease	1
COPD	1
Smoking Status	1
Age	1
Cerebrovascular disease	1
Cardio- and cerebrovascular disease	1
Cancer	1
Respiratory system diseases	1
Chronic kidney disease	1
Chronic respiratory diseases	1
Drinking	1
Overweight or obese	1
Chronic liver disease	1
Heart Failure	1
Immune system disorders	1
Asthma	1
Dementia	1
Endocrine diseases	1
Ethnicity: Hispanic vs. non-Hispanic	1
Race: Black vs. White	1
Race: Asian vs. White	1
Race: Other vs. White	1
Chronic digestive disorders	1
Autoimmune disorders	1
Neurological disorders	1
How often are antibody tests false positives?	1
What is the r0 of COVID-19 in different communities?	1
Are there long-lasting health impacts or changes to patients as a result of COVID-19 infection?	1
Which comorbidities are correlated with severe outcomes?	1
Does temperature or other geographic characteristics influence how rapidly COVID-19 spreads, or the severity of cases?	1
Which genes are correlated with an increased risk of severe COVID-19 outcomes?	1
Are the results of antibody tests impacted by previous coronavirus or influenza infections?	1
What percentage of patients are asymptomatic?	1
Which genes are correlated with less susceptibility to contracting the infection, and/or experiencing severe outcomes?	1
What is the correlation between obesity and severe COVID-19 outcomes?	1
What is the correlation between high cholesterol and severe COVID-19 outcomes?	1
Do individuals who have contracted a coronavirus within a certain time period demonstrate less susceptibility to infection?	1
Does socioeconomic status impact the risk of hospitalization and mortality?	1
Does alcohol use increase or reduce risk of COVID-19 infection? What about disease severity?	1
Does smoking increase or reduce COVID-19 risk of COVID-19 infection? What about disease severity?	1
Which off-label drugs are being used with COVID patients?	1
Which off-label drugs correlate with reduced hospitalization, ventilator use, and/or mortality?	1
Are there genomic or physiological characteristics in patients that influence drug effectiveness?	1
What is the long-term safety and efficacy of a COVID-19 vaccine (once developed)?	1
Does receiving an influenza vaccine have preventative effects for COVID-19?	1
What pre-existing prescription drug usage is correlated with protective benefits from getting COVID-19?	1
What is the impact on other diseases if anti-inflammatory and other drugs are being repurposed for COVID19 treatment?	1
Do drugs used for COVID-19 have interactions with any commonly-used medications?	1
Did mortality rates for emergent conditions such as stroke change during the pandemic?	1
What is the impact on delayed preventative diagnostic tests on overall disease burden?	1
What is the short term effect on any anti-inflammatory drug shortages (e.g., anti IL-6) for patients who need those drugs for other diseases?	1
Are there changes in prescription refill rates?	1
Are there certain specialties that have shifted to telemedicine more than others?	1
Is diagnosis with coronavirus 229E, NL63, OC43, or HKU1  same as a COVID-19 diagnosis?	1
Which body fluids can spread the covid-19 infection?	1
Should any diagnostic or therapeutic interventions be withheld due to concerns about transmission of COVID-19?	1
Will existing respiratory virus panels, such as those manufactured by Biofire or Genmark, detect SARS-CoV-2?	1
Are Corticosteroids recommended for viral pneumonia?	1
Does Remdesivir have in-vitro activity against COVID-19?	1
how many nucleotides does bovine coronavirus contain	1
what could account for the dissemination of the ncov virus across the whole body	1
what is the role of computed tomography ct in covid	1
what was attributed to the spread of sars cov at amoy gardens	1
what can be the main challenges in managing a hospital outbreak of covid	1
what ablated mers cov infection completely	1
what is the incubation period for mers cov	1
which is the source animal for the mers cov	1
what other tests should be considered for ncov epidemiology	1
what do the majority of human cases of mers cov seem not to do	1
what is the conclusion of the coronavirus long term surveillance studies	1
what illness is caused by the ncov coronavirus	1
what kind of masks are recommended to protect healthcare workers from covid exposure	1
what s the recommended procedure to disinfect at ct scanner after a covid exposure	1
what is the prognostic role of coinfection in sars cov and mers cov infections	1
when was the first case of covid confirmed in the usa	1
what thickness of layers is recommended for ct image reconstruction in covid assessment	1
what was the role of corticosteroid use in hospitalized patients with sars cov	1
what platform was instrumental in rapid sharing of covid information	1
what s the recommended method to disinfect floors for covid	1
what genes have been targeted for the diagnostic rt pcr tests in ncov	1
how long did it take to identify the cause of covid	1
how does mers cov spread among people	1
in what animals mers cov sequences have been found	1
mechanism of action of chloroquine cq and hydroxychloroquine hcq against covid	1
how many deaths were associated with mers cov as of july	1
when was covid surveillance implemented in european region	1
what does subsequent transmission of mers cov to other humans require	1
what is the size of the orfab gene in bovine coronavirus	1
how did the sars cov gain elevated replication and lung pathogenesis in aged mice	1
who was the first covid identified case patient on the diamond princess cruise ship	1
in what species did the covid virus likely originate	1
what is a major difference in clinical progression between sars cov and mers cov	1
how many laboratory confirmed cases of sars coronavirus infections were reported between november and july	1
compared to severe acute respiratory syndrome sars and another sometimes fatal zoonotic coronavirus disease how does mers affect the patients	1
how do the s subunits compare with that of sars likecov and human sars cov	1
what does the orf derived from ncov belong to	1
what is the size of bovine coronavirus	1
why exposure risk of covid is very high for icu staff and what precautions should be taken	1
what is the acronym sars cov	1
how do sars cov and mers cov evade the immune system sensing it s genome	1
how does cell entry differ between sars cov and mers cov	1
where was the second reported case of covid in the united states	1
why is it highly unlikely that ratg cov is the immediate source of sars cov	1
why is there no credible evidence to support the claim that the sars cov is derived from the chimeric sl shc ma virus	1
how long mers cov remained viable at high ambient temperature c and low rh	1
what is the role of interferon s ifns in the treatment of sars cov	1
what could be the implication of ncov virus in anal swabs	1
what is the rna of the ncov	1
what is the estimated mean incubation period for covid infection on the diamond princess cruise ship	1
what was the prevalence of coronavirus oc in community samples in ilorin nigeria	1
what is required for a person to survive a serious sars cov infection	1
what is the relationship between the presence of virus in anal swabs and disease severity in ncov	1
what symptoms might people experience with covid	1
use of sir seir model in statistics based predictions of coronavirus epidemic spreading	1
which city harbours a wide range of mers cov variants	1
what type of virus is ncov	1
how are ncov and sars cov similar	1
what will be the drug of choice for treating covid between chloroquine and remdesivir	1
what viruses are similar to the covid coronavirus	1
with the intervention of movement restrictions starting on th february what were the confirmed cases for covid were limited to	1
how is the sars cov referred to	1
how long did it take to publish the full genomic sequence of sars cov after it was identified	1
what was a characteristic of sars cov and mers cov specimens collected from the lower respiratory tract such as sputum and tracheal aspirates	1
what type of virus is sars cov	1
what was the fatality rate of the sars coronavirus outbreak between november and july	1
what factor positively correlates with imported and reported cases counts of sars cov infection	1
what was the time period of peak infection of covid on the diamond princess cruise ship	1
which human coronavirus showed species specific clinical characteristics of its infection	1
how long human urine and stool have been found to contain mers cov rna	1
how many clades have become apparent in genome of mers cov from humans and dcs	1
where was the first imported case of covid in the united states	1
what are main steps for mitigating the covid transmission during transport of suspected and confirmed patients	1
what is the transmission of mers cov is defined as	1
what is the structure of a coronavirus	1
why early identification of covid patients can be difficult	1
what age group had the most mers cov infections	1
when was the novel coronavirus first reported	1
what percentage of people infected with mers cov died	1
how much similarity the sars cov genome sequence has with sars cov	1
what type of ion channels are formed by the sars cov e protein	1
what does the sars cov protein activate	1
what is the death rate from mers cov	1
where else mers cov has also been detected	1
when was the first passenger patient on the diamond princess cruise ship diagnosed with covid	1
what is an example of a case based measure against coronavirus	1
why it can be concluded that mers cov is a novel and distinct virus	1
evidence of hydroxychloroquine hcq being anti inflammatory in sars cov critically ill patients with elevated plasma cytokines	1
what is the sensitivity with which immunochromatographic tool could detect recombinant mers cov nucleocapsid protein	1
what is the timeline of the type i interferon ifn response in sars cov infection	1
what type of coronavirus was detected in r affinis and r sinicus species	1
what is the spread of mers cov among humans associated with	1
what is a natural reservoir of coronavirus	1
what is the name of the disease caused buy sars cov	1
how many covid cases were confirmed on the diamond princess cruise ship	1
how does mers cov compare with sars cov	1
what is the doubling time of the covid pandemic	1
which may be an occupational group with significantly higher incidence of seropositivity to mers cov	1
being closest to ncov which species do the two bat sars related coronavirus zxc and zc infect	1
how do most bat sarsr cov differ from ncov and human sars cov	1
what was the primary threatening clinical finding in patients infected with sars cov and mers cov	1
how does mars cov differ from sars cov	1
how long did it take china to build the temporary hospital in wuhan for covid patients	1
why is there high uncertainty in estimating the impact of interventions against the coronavirus	1
what have become a key diagnostic and taxonomic target for cov species identification	1
how is ncov transmitted	1
how has most of the analysis of mers cov genetics been performed	1
what is the difference between the tokachi and irish coronavirus genomic sequences	1
what animals do gamma and delta coronavirus mainly infect	1
what is the contrast with sars cov and mers cov	1
what are ways in which ncov is transmitted	1
what is the case fatality rate for mers coronavirus	1
what test could give an indication for special care for ncov patients	1
what is the estimated r of covid	1
why is important to determine the spectrum of clinical manifestations of ncov infections	1
how does being a smoker impact covid patient outcomes	1
when does the infectivity of sars cov peak	1
what is the median time until death in mers cov	1
what is the molecular structure of bovine coronavirus	1
what is a key assumption of a semi mechanistic bayesian hierarchical model used for coronavirus	1
why were civets proposed to be an intermediate host of the bat covs capable of spreading sars cov to humans	1
when was the second covid case reported in the us	1
what role does initial viral titer play in the prognosis of sars cov and mers cov	1
what was the prevalence of coronavirus oc e nl in clinical subjects in ilorin nigeria	1
how many amino acids are in the sars cov e protein	1
in vitro comparison of antiviral activity of chloroquine cq and hydroxychloroquine hcq against covid	1
how do sars cov viral proteins interact with the immune response	1
where have most outbreaks of equine coronavirus occurred in the united states	1
how is covid spread	1
when was the first local transmission of covid reported in the united states	1
how many states in the u s have reported cases of covid	1
which medical comorbidities most profoundly influenced mers cov outcomes	1
how can the ncov spread	1
when did the world health organization who officially declare the ncov epidemic as a public health emergency of international concern	1
what was the sars cov reservoir	1
is oral swab for detecting ncov infection sufficient	1
where was the coronavirus discovered	1
which are the preferred method for mers cov detection	1
how does the genome of vcov compare with sars like viruses and sars cov	1
how big was the temporary hospital built in wuhan city for treatment of covid patients	1
why is it statistically impossible to determine which individual intervention had the greatest effect on reducing the coronavirus reproduction number	1
when was the middle east respiratory syndrome coronavirus isolated first	1
how does gender influence mers cov infection	1
where and when was ncov first identified	1
what is the most common species of human coronavirus among adults	1
what is the specificity with which immunochromatographic tool could detect recombinant mers cov nucleocapsid protein	1
what is the basic reproduction number r for mers cov	1
where was sars cov first identified	1
what is the structure of the coronavirus	1
when did the who declare covid to be a public health emergency of international concern	1
how does transmission differ between sars cov and mers cov	1
what could account for the high transmission rate of the ncov virus	1
what type of test was initially developed to screen for sars cov	1
what has prevented worldwide spread of mers cov	1
how long is the incubation time for covid	1
what is the genome size of the coronavirus	1
what is the estimated infection to death distribution s mean for coronavirus	1
what is the relationship between sars cov and acute lung injury ali	1
how was the first culture of the new coronavirus announced	1
in addition to oral swabs which tests detected the presence of ncov virus	1
what is the treatment for mers cov	1
what are the descriptive statistics for the onset to death for coronavirus	1
why are nucleic amplification tests naat usually preferred as in the case of mers cov diagnosis	1
what tests should be done before a ncov infected patient is discharged	1
how does the pathogenicity of ncov compare with other viruses	1
what do mild clinical presentations of ncov indicate	1
why might we underestimate the spread of covid	1
what do the dcs suffer with mers cov infection	1
what is the distance between the p and p genes in the irish versus japanese equine coronavirus variants	1
for whom does the sars cov pose a great threat	1
is the sars coronavirus single stranded or double stranded	1
what happens to humans infected by mers cov virus	1
how long after infectious mers cov added to dc goat or cow milk and stored at c could be recovered	1
what is the acronym mers cov	1
what is the detection of mers cov infection using elisa or s subunit protein microarray is usually followed by	1
what similarity human sars cov and palm civet sarslike cov share	1
where did sars cov originate	1
what is considered the mechanism of human to human transmission of mers cov	1
what is the genus of the sars coronavirus	1
what is the family of the sars coronavirus	1
what was the reservoir for sars cov and mers cov	1
what was the fatality rate for sars cov	1
who is at greater risk of dying from covid	1
is the sars coronavirus enveloped	1
how much is the difference between the human sars cov and the bat ratg cov	1
what is the the proportion of deaths among those infected with mers cov	1
what is the relationship between sars cov and acute respiratory distress syndrome ards	1
is the orfab gene at the or end of the bovine coronavirus genome	1
what is the effect of chloroquine cq and hydroxychloroquine hcq on endosomal maturation and endocytosis in covid treatment	1
how does covid get spread	1
where can published genomic sequences be found for the ncov virus	1
when did the chinese authorities share the sequence of a novel coronavirus	1
what are the most revealing signs that sars cov evolved by natural evolution	1
what kind of test can diagnose covid	1
how has the vast majority of mers cov transmission occurred	1
when was the first case of covid identified	1
what does mers cov cause	1
when was sars cov first identified	1
which immune factors were associated with increased sars cov morbidity and mortality	1
what has epidemiology and research identified the mers cov s cell receptor is	1
what is the relation between the new ncov and the conserved orf	1
how many people did sars cov infect	1
when did we discover that sars cov which causes covid was a novel coronavirus	1
when was world health organization who first notified about the sars cov epidemic in wuhan city china	1
how many covid deaths occurred in chinese mainland as of march th	1
where is mers cov is enzootic in dc	1
how does the transmissibility of ncov compare with other viruses	1
when did the united states declare covid a public health emergency	1
what are the descriptive statistics for the incubation period for coronavirus	1
what percentage of people infected with sars cov died	1
what animals can carry coronavirus	1
what is the estimated number of people in italy infected with coronavirus by march th	1
where does the nlrp inflammasome activate after a sars cov infection	1
where was covid first discovered	1
what are the most common symptoms of covid	1
is there any evidence that mers cov is a virus of pandemic concern	1
is it possible to get infected with covid and another virus	1
what are the steps that a hospital should take after covid outbreak	1
